---
title: "Update and Statement"
date: 2023-07-15
updated: 2023-09-20
draft: false
description: "Official Statement"
categories: ["updates"]
showAuthor: false
authors: ["drew-kudo"]
showDate: true
showDateUpdated: false
showBreadcrumbs: true
---

Hidden Manna Co. aims to sell bread and its ingredients. We started that vision by selling eggs on retail (store). Our company grew slowly but surely. After our long hiatus, we comeback with a new built mill and restaurant. While preparing for the opening of our restaurant business, we tried selling flour and milk on the market (exchange). It was so successful that we stop selling eggs, and focus on producing more flour and milk. That leads to us on postponing our plans on opening the restaurant.

After a lot of studies in encyclopedia with our Chief Financial Officer at that time, [Marcus Sandberg](/authors/marcus-sandberg), we we decided to do a flour business. Because of that, HMCo. built more plantations and mills to produce more flour.

It may seem that we are close to our vision when we built the restaurant, but it's not. Actually, Hidden Manna Company risk for a restaurant business but we cannot still afford it. We can make lots of profit on selling flour than opening the restaurant and sell bread. We risked everything but lost in the end. We survived that lost because of our flour business. After that, we invested on improving the quality of our products and upgrading our buildings.

We, at Hidden Manna Co., make our products using our own made raw materials. We sell them out on market as soon as it gets to our warehouse so our buyers can be sure that it's all fresh, high-quality and low-cost. (To see our products, visit our [company's profile](https://simcompanies.com/company/0/Hidden-Manna-Company))

—[Drew Kudo](/authors/drew-kudo), HMCo. CEO

{{< alert "facebook" >}}
[Original post](https://www.facebook.com/100093514788880/posts/pfbid0CMcXtE9Kt7ywYmv7QE8nRq6kYanCzuHcu5QU6fFLCnyySrHvUVFPazoEjvTedNy1l/) is posted on Facebook on 2023 July 15
{{< /alert >}}